## Change-log
### Version 1.01.5b (29,917 Lines)
#### Features
 * Added notification system.
 * Added bookmarks system.
 * optimize form generation within the builder.
 * Issues->View => Added permissions for the link button.
 * Issues->Create => Configured a dropdown for the priority.
 * Issues->Table => Configured priority badges.
 * Callbacks => Added the status "Started".
 * My Clients->Widget => Added the contact name.
 * My Clients->Widget => Added the latest callback information.
 * My Clients->Widget => Use a status badge for the status.
 * My Clients->Index => reconfigured to use the same layout as the widget.
 * My Callbacks->Widget => Added all prior from today's calls with the following statuses (Follow up, Started and Missed) to the listing.
 * Decisions->table => Remove the column Status.
 * Added appointments => Copied from the callbacks module.
 * Clients->View => Added the related appointments and appointments notes.
 * Callbacks->Statuses => Moved the missed status in second place. This should allow the system to understand when a callback has been started and prevent it to switch to missed. A CRON add-on will be created later for this purpose. The missed status will allow managers to gather performance stats of their sales employees. This change was also ported to the appointments module.
 * Initial permissions changed for role Users.

#### Bug-fixes
 * Issues->Create => Created date removed from form.
 * Issues->Create => decision removed from form.
 * Debug->Menu => removed if user does not have permission to the debug plugin.
 * Builder->ListingFull => Removed a DIV with class row that was removing the padding of the listing container.
 * Users->Create => Status should not be asked. => Fixed!
 * Users->Create => Password field should also include the confirm_password => Fixed!
 * Users->Create => Status should be set to 1 upon creation => Fixed!
 * Clients->View->Callbacks->Create => no contacts in the list. => Fixed!
 * Clients->View->Callbacks->Create => time no longer provides increments => Fixed!
 * Clients->View->Callbacks->Create => timepicker only works on the first instance => Fixed!
 * Clients->View->Notes->Create => content no longer showed as textarea => Fixed!
