## Change-log
### Version 1.06.29b (30,927 Lines)
#### Features
 * Creation of a documents module
 * SQL Optimizations
 * clients table structure altered to add all contact information
 * callbacks module renamed to calls
 * added a toolbar in the clients view page
 		* added "Start Call" button to create a call with current date & time
		* added "Share to" button to allow a user to share a client page to someone. Creating a notification in the process. Only allowed if recipient is allowed access to the file.
 * users table altered to add all contact information along with some new fields such as divisions, supervisor and other employee related information.
 * added field name to every form fields in Builder->Form Library
 * added additional debug data
 * General code optimizations
 * Clients->View : Users now have a way to identify the status and priority of every issues
 * Clients->View : Users now have restricted access to division status. User must be member to view and edit
 * Calls->View->Details : View completely revamped to integrate contact information and various statuses related to call
 * Calls->Add : Now creates a notification upon user assignation
 * Calls->EndCall : Now changes the status of the call, creates the note and update the calendar and triggers the "create appointment" form.
 * Default Layout : Now includes EULA
 * Calls->Re-Schedule : Now changes the status of the call, creates the note update the calendar and creates a new call.
 * Clients->View->Edit : Client's editable fields have been updated to add the contact information.
 * A call ended with a division status of "sign" and above will now open the "Create Appointment Dialog"
 * Contacts->View->Details : Updated to match the new database structure
 * Import button was added to index tables.
 * Import Script created but not tested.
 * Import Form created.
 * Import Script tested and fixed
 * Issues can now be linked to a client file from its details view page.
 * Added the latest call date&time to the index table of "My Clients".
 * Clients->View->Details : Tab Settings, the tab settings now selects your existing setting.
 * Issues->View->Details : Removed a few columns from the "Associated Clients" listing.
 * Appointments table structure was modified to match the calls table.
 * Appointments module was remodeled to match the calls table.
 * Profile page is now an include of the User Details page.
 * Added a custom permission to allow users to add division that they are not member of.
 * callbacks_agenda module rename to calls_agenda
 * An alert was added whenever you attempt to leave the application to prevent unsaved form data. (Does not prevent closing the window)

#### Bug-fixes
 * Fix an issue where the name of the field "name" of the bookmark form was causing an error due wrong variable type.
 * Fix the broken index of my_clients.
 * Fix the broken details view of my_clients.
 * Fix The "Create Appointment" form is called behind the callback.
 * Fix an issue where the selected items from a select2-multiple field would still be displayed once selected.
 * Fix an issue where when saving a user settings with an empty division field would result in an error.
 * Fix an issue where a notification was created but not associated to a user when no users were assigned to a client while linking an issue.
 * Fix an issue with the notification subject of linked issues
 * Fix an issue with appointments details where the wrong icons would be selected
 * Fix an issue where php would declare a undefined variable when no issues were linked to a client.
 * Fix an issue where php would declare a undefined variable when saving your dashboard.
 * Fix an issue where the calendar widget would try to use the user username instead of the ID. Resulting in no event being fetch for the calendar.
 * Fix an issue where the callbacks_agenda widget would try to use the user username instead of the ID. Resulting in no event being fetch for the agenda.
