## Change-log
### Version 1.07.27b
#### Features
 * The 'New issue linked to your file' notification now highlights the issue on the client details page
 * Added a hidden button for logoff. CTRL+Right-Click on the logo.
 * Added a tags module to keep all tags in record and facilitate it's input
 * Clients table now includes a field for tags
 * Added a job_titles module to keep all tags in record and facilitate it's input
 * Added a module for searches.
   * Tables available for searches:
	   * clients
		 * contacts
		 * containers
		 * decisions
		 * groups
		 * issues
		 * notes
		 * roles
		 * tags
		 * tickets
		 * transactions
		 * users
	 * To search a specific table, you can do "clients:customs".
	 * Permissions checks are performed during search query on MySQL database
 * Added a field type select_create that allows to either select an existing record or create a new one
 * Added a field type select_multi_create that allows to select multiple existing records and/or create new ones
 * You can now re title modals generated within the builder.
 * builder->modalCustom forms, now support the type of field.
 * Issues>view Link modals now support multi selections.
 * Clients you can now link issues during creation of a new client
 * Issues can now be set as default. This affects the new client form. All default issues will automatically be selected.
 * Added the function "--cron" to the api to allow the local administrator to setup a CRON
 * Old cron script removed from the repository
 * Added a module tasks to execute some actions at a later time and/or date. This module is also used to provide escalation on some actions a user cannot performed due to permission restrictions.
 * Added task in the cron execution
 * Updated the Auth Library to support queries from the System user
 * Added new notifications:
   * Hot file with a call a day away
	 * 15min prior to a schedule call
	 * if a schedule call is missed for over 24h
	 * when a schedule call is missed
 * Users can now dissmiss all notifications at once from the notification area.

#### Bug-fixes
 * Fix an issue where the username of the assigned user would not appear on a call window
 * Fix an issue where the call window would generate missing indexes for the issue listing
 * Fix an issue where the username of the assigned user would not appear on an appointment window
 * Fix an issue where the appointment window would generate missing indexes for the issue listing
 * Fix an issue where the my_clients index would generate and undefined variable when empty
 * Fix an issue with the CSV Parser where the PHP SERVER['UNIQUE'] variable would not always exist
 * Fix an issue where the profile plugin would try to fetch data out of the users plugin without proper access
 * Fix an issue where the server would return an undefined index when saving a call
 * Fix an issue where the server would return an undefined index when saving an appointment
 * Fix an issue when saving a call where it would generate an empty issue and attempt to save it.
 * Fix an issue when saving an appointment where it would generate an empty issue and attempt to save it.
 * Fix an issue where the Builder would return undefined index errors on missing POST fields.
 * Fix an issue in the clients view page where the unassign button would not appear even tho the logged in user was in the same group as the user he is trying to unassign
 * Removed duplications in the LDAP Library
 * Fix a security issue where if the user got hold of the server ID, he would be able to login online using the user System
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: job_title in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/src/lib/builder.php on line 406 => Fixed
