## Change-log
### Version 1.08.10b
#### Features
 * Auth now verify field permissions upon data retrieval. If user does not have permission, the field is simply cleared not unset.
 * DB->delete now also remove all the existing relationships of a deleted record.
 * Issues added a field name and changed the field description to a text field.
 * Issues view, the associated clients listing is now the first table.
 * Roles->View Added the column table to the permissions listing.
 * Roles->View Added the permission type field to the Add Permission form.
 * Roles interactions are now limited to it's members unless granted permission through the all-roles permission.
 * Groups interactions are now limited to it's members unless granted permission through the all-groups permission.
 * Profile MySQL users can now change their password.
 * Profile LDAP users can now change their password. This will update the LDAP user on the LDAP server. Thus if you use an active directory, the local user's password will be changed.
 * Users You can now change the password of both MySQL and LDAP users.
 * Mail Librairy has been created usin PHPMailer (https://github.com/PHPMailer/PHPMailer).
 * Mail Librairy Added a password reset template.
 * Users are now able to reset their password in the event they have forgotten it.
 * Auth Library now verifies if the user's public ip is listed in it's internal blacklist.
 * Blacklist module created to allow administrators to block an ip address or remove one from the listing.
 * History module now adds a History link to the navbar whenever the history view is available.
 * History view was integrated within the Controller Library. This allows all plugins to support it as long as the view file exist.
 * Clients history now includes history of all linked records such as calls, appointments, contacts, addresses, decisions and notes.
 * Tasks now verifies if the user as permission before executing SQL tasks.
 * A review of the installation settings has been added to the installer.
 * 151 new entries in the language library
 * Adjusted all index views to remove some columns by default.

#### Bug-fixes
 * Warning: Illegal offset type in /home/louis/bin/ALB-Connect/plugins/debug/src/templates/hooks/control-sidebar.php on line 110 => Fixed
 * CRON Job would not execute on web server. => Fixed
 * Tasks CRON would not point to the right file while executing all the tasks process. => Fixed
 * Settings SQL, SMTP, LDAP and Advanced settings cannot be saved => Fixed
 * LDAP CRON Causes Undefined property: API::$LDAP in /home/louis/bin/ALB-Connect/plugins/ldap/cron.php on line 6 => Fixed
 * Cannot connect to :22. Error 0. php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/louis/bin/ALB-Connect/vendor/Net/SSH2.php on line 1174 => Fixed
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: HTTP_HOST in /home/louis/bin/ALB-Connect/src/lib/smtp.php on line 14 => Fixed
 * CRON Job would not update last_background_jobs. => Fixed
 * Debug menu still appears when Debug mode is turned off. => Fixed
 * Notice:  Undefined index: id in /home/louis/bin/ALB-Connect/src/lib/controller.php on line 51 => Fixed
 * The contact edit form would not provide the listing of existing job titles, nor would it allow the user to create new ones. => Fixed
 * Tags in index are displaying html instead of the tag. => Fixed
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: Are You Sure? in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/groups/src/views/view.php on line 79 => Fixed
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: You are about to delete the following member in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/groups/src/views/view.php on line 85 => Fixed
 * PHP Warning:  include_once(vendor/Math/BigInteger.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/vendor/Net/SSH2.php on line 960 => Fixed
 * PHP Warning:  include_once(vendor/Crypt/Base.php): failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/vendor/Net/SSH2.php on line 973 => Fixed
 * acc API does not run importing task and reports This is not an importing task. => Fixed
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: import in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/src/lib/api.php on line 366 => Fixed
 * Fixed an issue where if the user saved his profile without a password, the password would be cleared in the database. => Fixed
