## Change-log
### Version 1.08.03b
#### Features
 * All Select2 fields now keep the selection order
 * Importing large CSV file will now split the file in multiple smaller processes. Thus preventing a timeout from the server.
 * Added a Messages module
 * Added folders for messages (inbox,sent,trash,draft)
 * Added a fonctionnal search field to error pages 403,404,500
 * Added the ability to send one message to multiple recipient
 * Added a relationship to users to identify if the user is an employee or a contact
 * Added buttons for reply, reply all and forward to the view page of messages
 * messages can now be trashed from folders like draft and inbox.
 * messages can now be deleted from trash.
 * messages can now be deleted while viewing it.
 * Builder->Forms->select_multi now supports a select all button
 * Builder->Forms->select_multi_create now supports a select all button
 * Builder->modalCustoms forms now supports a select all button for select2 multi fields
 * Issues->View users can now select multiple decisions to link
 * Issues->View users can now select multiple clients to link
 * Issues->View users can now use select all to select all unlinked decisions
 * Issues->View users can now use select all to select all unlinked clients
 * messages sent folder now displays the recipient of the message instead of sender
 * PDF Library created.
 * Added mail template to PDF Library for printing messages
 * When a user select Dead as a status during a call, a message is sent to his manager to confirm the change and a task for the manager is created to process the change.
 * The share to button now opens a popup with a to and text field. To is use to select users to which you want to share a file to and the text field is used to provide a body to the message sent to the users.
 * permissions and assignation is verified during the sharing process and if the to user does not have permission or assignation, a task will be created to the sender's manager to process the action and provide assignation to the recipient of the share.
 * Adding group Marketer and Sales Manager into the default groups.
 * Adding role Marketer and Sales Manager into the default roles.
 * Adding default permissions for both roles

#### Bug-fixes
 * The tasks navbar dropdown now displays the view all button even when empty
 * The messages navbar dropdown now displays the view all button even when empty
 * Delete button removed from sent folder
 * Fixed an issue where the shared message title would not stay white when replying to it.
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined property: stdClass::$share in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/src/templates/layout/default.php on line 342
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined property: stdClass::$users in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/messages/src/views/index.php on line 143
 * Fixed columns width of messages listing table
