## Change-log
### Version 1.08.31b
#### Features
 * Builder : Added support for table row clicks by setting 'clickable-row' => TRUE
 * Clients/Index : Clicking a row will now trigger the "details" action. Permissions are the same as the "Details" button.
 * Clients/View : All sub tables (Addresses, calls, callbacks, etc.) now support the row click.
 * Clients/View/Notes : Added a column "By" to display the initials of the owner user.
 * Clients/View/Calls : Removed the "Create" button.
 * My Clients/Index : Clicking a row will now trigger the "details" action. Permissions are the same as the "Details" button.
 * My Clients/View : All sub tables (Addresses, calls, callbacks, etc.) now support the row click.
 * My Clients/View/Notes : Added a column "By" to display the initials of the owner user. The initials are based on the First and Last name of the user.
 * My Clients/View/Calls : Removed the "Create" button.
 * Profile/Index : Added vertical tabs to the settings tab to converge all settings into one location.
 * Users/View : Added vertical tabs to the settings tab to converge all settings into one location.
 * Profile/Index : Dashboard settings migrated into the "Settings" tab.
 * Users/View : Dashboard settings migrated into the "Settings" tab.
 * Profile/Index : Dashboard settings now uses select2 fields and keep the order of selection.
 * Users/View : Dashboard settings now uses select2 fields and keep the order of selection.
 * Profile/Index : Added default tabs in the settings tab
 * Users/View : Added default tabs in the settings tab
 * Clients/View/Addresses : Completely remodeled the details view.
 * Clients/View/Settings : This section was removed in favor of the users settings tab.
 * Users : Added middle_name and initials to the users table
 * Profile/Index : Modified the about tab to include the initials and middle_name
 * Users/View : Modified the about tab to include the initials and middle_name
 * Builder : Added support for custom buttons in listingFull and listingSub.
 * Builder : Added support for custom classes on custom buttons.
 * Builder : Added support for values on custom buttons.
 * Clients/View/Contacts : Added a call button in the action section. This will trigger the "Start a Call" modal and select the contact.
 * Clients/Table : Added 2 columns (relationship, link_to). This will provide the ability to link these records to others.

#### Bug-fixes
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: api in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/api.php on line 26 => Fixed!
 * Users/View: Unable to save the dashboard settings.
