## Change-log
### Version 1.08.24b
#### Features
 * Adding a module Edit to generate an edit form for all module. The edit button appears in the navbar and triggers a modal with all the fields available for the current record.
 * All Settings migrated to JSON files. This allows for future additional settings to be added without breaking the Framework.
 * Added a list of associated clients to the user and profile page.
 * Added the owner of a note in the notes table and in the title of the details view of the note
 * Added office # and other # field in the contacts table.
 * Documents module was added to the clients view page.
 * Documents module now support full navigation of a directory.
 * LSP(Licensing) is now integrated.
 * Created a cURL API to support data requests.
 * API requires login information.
 * API now test for permissions.
 * Added API as permission type in roles.
 * Added a Callbacks module based on the Calls module.
 * Added the Callbacks module in the client view page.

#### Bug-fixes
 * The user edit form generates password errors when empty. And clears the password of the user. => Fixed!
 * In a role, if you attempt to create a field type permission to a table past categories, the field form would not appear. => Fixed!
 * Unable to change the status of a user. => Fixed!
 * Owner and updated by user in the role view only displays their ID. => Fixed!
 * Owner and updated by user in the group view only displays their ID. => Fixed!
 * An issue where the field input would not display sometimes in the roles view page. => Fixed!
 * The content of the note displays the html tags in the table. => Fixed!
 * The edit button does not appear in the user view page. => Fixed!
 * When you share a client with other user(s), some language field are missing. => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: debug in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/src/lib/api.php on line 66 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: maintenance in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/settings/src/views/index.php on line 343 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: maintenance in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/src/lib/application.php on line 88 => Fixed!
 * PHP Warning:  mkdir(): No such file or directory in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/clients/src/controllers/controller.php on line 19 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined property: Language::$Assign_this_Callback in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 815 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: dir_handle in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/documents/src/helpers/helper.php on line 22 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: date in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 104 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: time in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 104 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: date in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 105 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: time in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 105 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: assigned_to in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 113 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: assigned_to in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 120 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: Start Callback in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/callbacks/src/helpers/helper.php on line 671 => Fixed!
