## Change-log
### Version 1.09.14b
#### Features
 * Issues/View : Added a permissions check on the "default" button. Users now require table level 3 or higher.
 * Clients/View : Added an upload field with support for drag and drop and multiple file uploads.
 * Clients/View : Added a subs tab to list all linked clients.
 * Clients/View : If client is linked to another one, the link to client will appear under the current client's name.
 * Issues/View/Clients : Removed the following columns from the listing => relationship, link_to and toll_free.
 * Clients/View/Addresses : Removed the following columns from the listing => created, website, zipcode, country and toll_free.
 * Clients/View/Calls : Removed the following columns from the listing => created and client.
 * Clients/View/Callbacks : Removed the following columns from the listing => created and client.
 * Clients/View/Appointments : Removed the following columns from the listing => created and client.
 * Clients/View/Contacts : Removed the following columns from the listing => created, office_num and other_num.
 * API : The API now calls the requested API module from the plugins folder and verifies permissions. This allows plugins to supply the API directly.
 * Auth : Added a method to verify permissions and report errors.
 * Auth : Permission errors are now displayed to all users whenever Debug mode is active.
 * Clients/View/Documents : Added a loading indicator.
 * Documents : Added a loading indicator.
 * Documents : Added a modal with an upload form with drag and drop support.
 * Documents : Added a modal with a create directory form.
 * Documents : Replaced buttons of Documents DataTable with an upload and create directory button.
 * Documents : You can now delete files and directories.
 * Web Application : Improved the navbar for mobile and desktop use. Hamburger menu on the left controls the sidebar, while the Hamburger menu on the right controls the main navbar. The hamburger menu on the right is only displayed on mobile and small screens. The search field has been resized to take all remaining space of the navbar.
 * Debug : Added a JSON output of the $_POST Results in the debug menu to easily share with the developer.
 * Clients/View : Removed the following field from the edit form of Clients : relationship, link_to
 * Users/Index : Removed the following columns from the listing => middle_name and initials.
 * Debug : Added a JSON output of the $_GET Results in the debug menu to easily share with the developer.
 * Statistics : A new plugin was created to store extra statistics. Such as how many times a users does a specific action. Will need to identify these statistics.
 * Profile : You can now export your settings and import them.
 * Profile : Importing settings will remove all existing settings.
 * Users/View : You can now export the user settings and import them.
 * Users/View : Importing settings will remove all existing settings for this user.
 * Settings : Added a Developer mode.
 * Settings : Added a Developer tab with settings for Application Name, Version, Registration Form and Forgotten Password Form.
 * Settings : SQL Limit moved to SQL Tab.
 * Settings : Added a default language setting to the Basic tab.
 * Settings : Added a LSP tab with settings for the Licensing Server.
 * LSP : Added method to export all database records.
 * LSP : Added method to import database records.
 * Settings : Added a Generate Structure button in the LSP tab.
 * Settings : Added a Generate Skeleton button in the LSP tab.
 * Settings : Added a Generate Sample button in the LSP tab.
 * Settings : Added an import/export form to the SQL tab.
 * CSV Parser : Now support name based relationships (in the link_to column).
 * Installer : Updated the installer to use the LSP methods during installation.
 * Installer : Added support for sample data.
 * Installer : Removed the Username and Password field from the Site Settings. The default username is Administrator and the password is ALBconnect123!.
 * Installer : Added the activation key to the installer.
 * Generated some sample data.

#### Bug-fixes
 * Fixed the default permissions on the documents plugin.
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: data in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/web/plugins/clients/src/controllers/controller.php on line 24 => Fixed!
 * My Clients/View/Documents : Default folders are not being generated during page load if they are missing. => Fixed!
 * Creating a new record with only level 2 permissions, creates and empty record in the Database. => Fixed!
 * Creating a new record generates 2 history events instead of 1. => Fixed!
 * The user timestamp only updates during the login form submission. => Fixed!
 * When opening the profile or a user page, the dashboard settings report permission errors of nonexistent widgets. => Fixed!
 * The title of the activation form shows Maintenance instead of Activation. => Fixed!
 * Filters from other users are being applied to my profile. => Fixed!
 * Installer : Attempts to create sample data even if the option is not checked => Fixed!
 * Saving settings from a JSON file will only apply the changes to the logged in user. => Fixed!
 * LSP : Updating the repository crashes Apache2. => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: Calls Today in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/my_callbacks/src/templates/widgets/box.php on line 7 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: My Calls in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/my_callbacks/src/templates/widgets/full.php on line 4 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: list in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/my_clients/src/templates/widgets/full.php on line 27 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: _POST in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/debug/src/templates/hooks/control-sidebar.php on line 245 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: _POST in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/debug/src/templates/hooks/control-sidebar.php on line 251 => Fixed!
 * PHP Warning:  Invalid argument supplied for foreach() in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/debug/src/templates/hooks/control-sidebar.php on line 251 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: link_to in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/clients/src/helpers/helper.php on line 42 => Fixed!
 * Editting a client would cause it to link itself as a sub. => Fixed!
 * unable to link a client with relationship and link_to set to NULL. => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: _POST in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/clients/src/controllers/controller.php on line 81 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: _POST in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/clients/src/controllers/controller.php on line 82 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: _POST in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/clients/src/controllers/controller.php on line 83 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: _POST in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/clients/src/controllers/controller.php on line 84 => Fixed!
 * My Clients/Index : Rows are not clickable. => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined property: issuesHelper::$Helper in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/issues/src/helpers/helper.php on line 35 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Trying to get property 'relationships' of non-object in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/issues/src/helpers/helper.php on line 35 => Fixed!
 * PHP Fatal error:  Uncaught Error: Call to a member function delRelation() on null in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/issues/src/helpers/helper.php:35 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: id in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/plugins/issues/src/helpers/helper.php on line 36 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined variable: save in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/db.php on line 417 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: relationship_1 in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/builder.php on line 242 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: link_to_1 in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/builder.php on line 242 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: relationship_2 in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/builder.php on line 242 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: link_to_2 in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/builder.php on line 242 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: controller in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/builder.php on line 242 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: username in /home/louis/test/ALB-Connect/src/lib/table.php on line 61 => Fixed!
 * mod_fcgid: read data timeout in 600 seconds, referer: https://beta.albcie.com/, End of script output before headers: install.php, referer: https://beta.albcie.com/ => Fixed!
 * Update repository with proper .gitignore file.
 * LSP now reset the local repository before pulling the update.
 * LSP moved the stash and reset request into the updateFiles method.
 * Fixed an issue where the cron would not be able to run because of the activation process.
 * PHP Warning:  mysqli_stmt::bind_param(): Number of variables doesn't match number of parameters in prepared statement in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/private/ALB-Connect/src/lib/database.php on line 38 => Fixed!
 * PHP Notice:  Undefined index: Reset in /var/www/clients/client1/web7/private/ALB-Connect/src/lib/smtp.php on line 224 => Fixed!
 * Users/View : When disabling an User, the division content is cleared.
